 I want to create a portfolio website for myself. 
 The website should be just one long page but inteactive.

 The colour palette im looking for is #743014 for the background and #E8D1A7 for the texts. 

 In the nav bar, i want- About Me, Tech Stack, Projects, Hackathons and Contact Me.

 Then below, in bigger font size, I would like my name Zaina Bilquis to be portrayed and below that in smaller font i want- Computer Science Engineering Student to be written. 
 This should be beside an animated picture of a hijabi girl.

Then comes the About Me section where i want- 

I study computer science at Muffakham Jah College of Engineering and Technology. 
Although I'm not the kind of person who learns every new framework the moment it's released, I do appreciate picking up new skills, experimenting with various programming languages, and working on challenging projects.
I'm currently concentrating on developing my abilities and looking into chances that would enable me to become a competent and considerate engineer. 
I'm not in a rush to "know it all," but I’m definitely in it for the long run.

Below that, i want the Technology Stack wherein i want you to put logos of the programming languages ive done.
Java- beginner
C- intermediate
Python- upper intermediate
These levels should be written in small font below the logos of the programming language.

Next comes the projects- here i want you to put the projects as flashcards and when one hovers over it, it should display the details of the project
PostVisionAI
CrowdVisionAI
SkinSight
Kanoon-Sathi

Then comes the Hackathons- in this i want the hackathon name in a larger size comapred to the description. 
SIH'24- Finalist of the Smart India Hackathon 2024 held in Chennai, where i worked on PostVisionAI
Codenovate'24- Held at Keshav Memorial Institute of Technology, worked on CrowdVisionAI
Hack Revolution'24- Held at Muffakham Jah College of Engineering and Technology, Won 3rd place in Medical Field, worked on SkinSight
Google Solutions Challenge'24- Held online, worked on Kanoon Sathi